you should have been you should have
children yes next today little channel
yeah or i should just ran around and
gone behind them ah that's what I always
do it like I see one little guy I'm like
two away and I use Hannah chill you know
I have to get it yeah same it than I
just you know never pays off it never
does ya know ok this time right yeah
this time definitely this time oh geez
it's used rimowa tapes time yeah you
gotta get it to you can get the to
borrow one I can get a two bar I am
definitely gonna get a two bar yeah moh
babe no babe babe babe Mugabe's boo be
boo ya look like smarty I think my eyes
I get like I don't get nervous I just
get anxious so I just like I want to get
it when I'm close I'm just like oh yeah
and I screw around p 90 guess that's
what I do I get super nervous you know
yeah all right which way to fly oh I'm
thinking about juicing the mp7 again
yeah I'm gonna but this time would
extend the next rapid fire I'm not gonna
run out i am up this time yeah they're
in there and I Oh Didius oh how can I
survive oh my god there's all in there
all in dome
yeah Oh nc-cco just one see what the
hell slut yeah that was a slut move
right I got a baby or a all that wow he
just carried me in the face that sucks
oh oh ok a little this guy he got the
final killcam he got a double last time
damn he's getting your life when I got
it I barely got a kill with that thing
yeah just chooses you know to get mine
yeah the Recon OOP there I need help
here Darren ah yeah oh god that was
terrible hip firing in oh jeez you're
probably spawning to be saying yeah I'm
gonna walk in here and see oh they're
plugging this one hey now I'd imagine
yeah they're gonna come eh yeah yeah
yeah Oh Oh No toasty man every time damn
dude I already have a loving guilty but
I'm not almost at the specialist now
yeah toasty don't get me toasty ooh I
got hosting oh god I'm gonna die seeing
red seeing red seein red yep oh no no no
God dang i'm doing terrible right now
this map sometimes really messes with us
at my teammate did she's named tell ya
I'm glad to see the spawns are just too
much to bear yeah toasty toasty let me
live oh good no are you kidding me oh
this map I I love and hate this map I
really do I like you for Dom more than
kill confirmed yeah yoga fur there's
just no way of knowing where they are
going to spawn well yeah cuz one will
flip and like that's it I'm like but
they're just like four guys elsewhere be
yeah
MC see I'm starting on I got ba yeah I
definitely don't yeah I got him marker
in there all behind this go my god where
was he I came from middle oh yeah ur
middle for sure oh let me live I'm so
close I'm so close all right oh yeah
geez you're going ham I'm five on five
kills away all right all right I'm wid
dere whoo gotta breathe me don't see oh
my god dude I can't do anything right on
this map right now get to Moab man to
bar Moab dude do I'm flows oh my god
dude what it's like to have like radar
on me I got a bull's-eye on the head and
then I get clean Lord after I kill the
guy hey yeah I'm to await you got it if
I can't be beat I can keep cool wanna
wait one away
got it yeah buddy I call it an away yeah
why not Oh dead man's hand the fuck man
I'm having a terrible all my god my boy
Davy yes i'm at a boy now i feel feel
like I suck I couldn't get it twice haha
i was using the mp7 with extended mags
cuz i was yes but not been booed up Oh
running out and I was like I did it so
to bar mode that guy spawned right
behind me that's fucking awesome oh my
god do I can't do this what the Frick
everything I'm doing just is not working
hipfire monster little shaky screen on
and I died o.o car blows up for
chrissakes ah yes Brian Brian yeah I
suck oh my god this guy I killed this
guy any fungus comes in a revenge to me
this is the worst game I've ever had oh
man I I'm real i can now we can really
hear your your non happiness honey hill
i feel you man nah it's up skytop doom
I'm pop up so there was I think it might
be be thanks or legit well you tell
murder mystery to you too oh nice to not
have you and ham dude I'm telling the
mp7 we had extended nights a rapid fire
is my go-to really it's like my go-to if
I'm really feel not comfortable and
stuff I used it's uh cuz you cannot
really entertained on the site where
evil because you can't see the this too
much muscle flash yeah even just super
super good yeah for sure yeah yeah got
it and it et heading into Friday's video
here we go